Trust your heart
with your Pokémon completely.
And soon you will have
true vision.
'There is a hot, hot light'
'hidden deep within our minds.'
'The stars
will guide that light'
'from our minds
through the vastness of space.'
'Yes. We are all truly one
with the universe.'
The truth?
Each and every one of us
is totally connected
to the universe.
[gasps]
Oh my! Lady Olympia!
[wailing]
I see it. A light!
[gasping]
In the near future
Kalos will face
an unprecedented threat.
And trapped within the vortex
of this threat, I see them!
The faces of those who will
gather here in Anistar City!
One with a deep‐green eye.
'And those who walk
alongside it.'
And the one
who will show the way!
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a Hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hands ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Cloudy Fate, Bright Future!"
NARRATOR Our Heroes are now at
the Anistar City Pokémon Center
following Serena's second
Princess Key win.
Soon, Ash will battle
for his seventh
Kalos Gym badge!
[HAPPY]
One more
and then it's the Master Class!
Those Princess Keys
are so pretty!
Mm‐hmm.
And next, it's you and me!
[HAPPY]
No way Serena's gonna lose,
and there's no way
we're going to lose either,
right?
[PUMPED]
[SCARED]
It's okay.
They're just having fun.
[APOLOGETIC]
Do you remember
when Tierno was telling us
about how the Anistar Gym Leader
specializes in Psychic‐types?
I sure do, and bring it on!
I'm getting my seventh badge
no matter what!
[DETERMINED]
Alright, race you to the Gym!
‐ Ash, wait up!
‐ No fair!
CLEMONT Hey, couldn't we just
walk for a change?
Our next story concerns
Mega Evolution.
Professor Sycamore is scheduled
to arrive today
in order to begin research
on the sundial
Anistar City's greatest symbol.
'Some have theorized that
the sundial came from space.'
'Although, its origins
remain a mystery'
'recent research shows
there is a real connection'
'between the Anistar Sundial
and the Mega Stones.'
'Much attention
is being focused'
'on Professor Sycamore'
'the leading authority
on Mega Evolution'
'and what he will discover'
'after researching the sundial.'
So the sundial
is today's hot topic.
It sparkles
just like a beautiful jewel.
Some have called it
one of Kalos' Seven Wonders.
It's quite exciting.
But I wonder.
In what universe
is that a sundial?
I'm so glad you asked me that!
It's Professor James'
Mysteries of Kalos!
It is said the sundial
came to us from space
roughly
three thousand years ago.
An object very little
is known about.. Ha!
We use it to tell time
because it always glows
at certain intervals!
That sounds just as rare
as rare can be.
It sure smells like treasure
to me.
[EXCITED]
Just think of the huge amount
of capital we could amass
by getting our hands
on that clock!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
Ding!
To put it simply..
‐ Swipe the sundial!
‐ With a smile!
Getting our hands
on something that massive
could be a challenge.
Challenging is who we are!
[EXCITED]
[tires screeching]
Oh! Splendid!
With such a mysterious sparkle.
Yeah. It really draws you in,
doesn't it?
‐ 'Alright, you!'
‐ Huh?
CARRIE
'What are you doing here?'
Hurry up and leave here
right now!
‐ You are..
‐ 'Sigilyph, out!'
[APPEARING]
Sigilyph, use Psywave!
[PSYWAVE MOVE]
Look out!
[gasps]
What's that?
[CONCERNED]
‐ Let's go find out!
‐ Right!
Clemont, it's an emergency!
I see that! Not so fast!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE What are you
doing? That's dangerous!
‐ This is a warning!
‐ Warning?
To the one
who will show the way!
Leave this place right now!
ASH
'Professor Sycamore!'
[panting]
Hey, it's Ash!
‐ 'Look!'
‐ What happened?
I can't believe it!
LADY OLYMPIA
One with a deep‐green eye
and those who walk
alongside it.
[CARRIE]
I knew it.
Now, Sableye, go!
[APPEARING]
[READY]
What's going on?
She's battling us!
Hey, what have we done to you
anyway?
POKEDEX
Sableye, the Darkness Pokémon.
'Living in caves,
Sableye digs up gems'
'with its sharp claws,
then devours them.'
Now! Power Gem!
[POWER GEM MOVE]
[screaming]
Stand back, professor!
Use Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Frogadier, I choose you!
[APPEARING]
Alright, Frogadier,
Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
No, Sableye!
Sigilyph, Psywave!
[PSYWAVE MOVE]
[PAINED]
Can you still battle, Sableye?
Then use Shadow Claw!
[SHADOW CLAW MOVE]
Oh, man!
Are you okay, Frogadier?
Okay, Pikachu.
Thunderbolt, let's go!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SIGILYPH
[PAINED]
Oh! Quick, Sigilyph, return now!
Ah.. Why, you..
Now, Power Gem!
[POWER GEM MOVE]
Water Pulse, go!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Now, use Aerial Ace!
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
Uh! Quick, Sableye, return!
How dare you?
For the sake
of Anistar and Kalos
leave here immediately!
[gasping]
Ah!
PIKACHU/FROGADIER
[SHOCKED]
‐ She's floating!
‐ It's so weird.
That must be psychic power!
Stand down now, Carrie.
‐ What? "Stand down?"
‐ You heard me!
‐ Yes, ma'am!
‐ Hey!
Do you have any idea
what you just did, Carrie?
What?
Do you think they're
that Trainer's friends?
[CONCERNED]
The purpose of our appearance
is to admonish Carrie
for her actions.
"Admonish?"
Lady Olympia, I only did it
to protect Anistar!
‐ Silence, Carrie!
‐ Yes, ma'am.
This has become a bad habit
of yours, Carrie.
Acting on what you think
Lady Olympia's vision
of the future means.
'How many times
has this happened?'
Right. I'm so sorry
for everything.
Excuse us.
We have no idea
what's going on.
‐ Oh my!
‐ Huh?
You're Olympia!
'Gym Leader of the Anistar Gym.'
Gym Leader?
Indeed, I am.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Sableye!
SABLEYE
[EXERTION]
CHARLENE 'We ask that you
graciously forgive Carrie'
'for her actions.'
My name is Charlene.
I am Lady Olympia's apprentice.
Professor Sycamore, children
please forgive my other
apprentice for her rude actions.
Now, Carrie, apologize to them.
I'm so very sorry.
Well, I'm glad we were able
to clear that up.
What was this "future"
you referred to?
We saw a vision of it.
I saw
disaster approaching soon.
And your fates are all connected
to that threat.
Carrie thought
you were enemies of Kalos
based on
Lady Olympia's premonition.
Enemies?
[gasps]
[EXERTION]
There it is.
I see it!
What? What's going on?
What did you just see,
Lady Olympia?
Your future.
You mean Frogadier?
We'll discuss this at the Gym.
Huh?
[SURPRISED]
‐ Whoa!
‐ It's beautiful.
‐ And full of mysticism!
‐ Wow!
I'd really like to know how she
can see the future like that.
I want her to see
my future as well!
I do, too!
Like, if I ever become
a Pokémon Trainer someday
and who will take care
of my big brother.
[grunts] My future
is none of your business!
I'm afraid
it's not quite that easy.
It's the voice of the stars
that guides Lady Olympia
to perceive the future.
That's what happened
in the Seas of Hoenn.
CHARLENE Yes, led by the voice
of the stars
Lady Olympia foresaw the clash
between Groudon and Kyogre.
The world saw incidents
of extreme weather
but Kalos was prepared.
Thanks to Olympia's vision
Kalos escaped these incidents
largely unharmed.
Could we be connected
to something on as large a scale
as the threat you perceived?
That is something
we must figure out.
ASH Wow. A Gym Leader
who can see the future.
Please tell me, Charlene.
Are these really the ones
who will bring danger to Kalos?
Your training has been
quite inadequate.
Lady Olympia never said
they would bring danger to us.
Oh!
CHARLENE
'She said they would be trapped'
'within the vortex
of this threat.'
LADY OLYMPIA
'Young man..'
Huh?
...it appears the vision
that I perceived earlier
concerns the future of you
and your Frogadier.
Me and Frogadier?
That is correct.
The vision that occurred
showed me
your Frogadier is a Pokémon
with a curious fate.
'That is clear from seeing
its past and future.'
"Curious fate?"
What does she mean?
[CONFUSED]
Frogadier
a Pokémon like no other.
"No other?"
What's that about?
[CONFUSED]
If I may, let me
show you what I saw.
‐ Oh, man!
‐ That's a Pokémon Egg!
It is true,
to learn about the future
we must first
search the past.
'This is a Froakie Egg.'
Do you know anything about
Frogadier's past, professor?
No, I'm afraid I don't.
I honestly don't know
a single thing about it
before it came to me
as a Pokémon for new Trainers.
[gasps]
[EXERTION]
Lady Olympia This is Froakie,
soon after
it hatched from its
Egg.
[HAPPY]
[EXERTION]
[ATTACK]
Lady Olympia Instead of playing
with the others
this Froakie
trained tirelessly
reaching for new heights.
[SURPRISED]
[HAPPY]
[CONTENT]
[NEGATIVE]
Lady Olympia However, because
your Froakie spent so much time
alone there was a lot of
conflict with others.
'Then one day,
someone showed it'
'that Pokémon can't become
strong all by themselves.'
Froakie learned
that its strength
would only be able
to reach new heights
by working with a Trainer.
But it wasn't just words
that made a difference.
What changed Froakie
was the kindness
this person showed it.
So, instead of being chosen
by a Trainer
this Froakie learned
how to choose its Trainer.
It had one objective.
To see if it was
worth devoting
its life to that Trainer.
From the beginning
Froakie expected a high
standard from its Trainer.
But somehow, it always felt
something lacking.
When you're a new Trainer
not everything goes as smoothly
as you would like.
And everyone hesitates
when experiencing something new.
However, what this Froakie
was yearning for
was something much deeper.
I have a word for that.
That word is love.
Huh?
It's love?
CLEMONT
'The Pokémon for new Trainers'
'that kept returning
to the research lab.'
That's how Froakie was known
back then.
The Pokémon who came back.
It was love.
Well, what do you know.
You chose me!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
I want to get stronger
just like you do.
So let's get stronger together!
[AGREEMENT]
My goal is to win
the Kalos League
and become a Pokémon Master!
[DETERMINED]
[EXCITED]
SERENA That's the dream
Ash said he'd find someday
along with his Pokémon.
Olympia, can you tell us
what Frogadier's future is?
Its power will become
greater and greater.
Does that mean Frogadier
will become a Greninja?
Hmm. That I don't know.
However, I do know this.
'It will reach new heights'
'that no one
has ever seen before.'
And the two of you will reach
those new heights together.
Could you mean Mega Evolution?
"Mega Evolution?"
Though no one
has yet seen a Greninja
that could Mega Evolve.
[EXCITED]
That's incredible!
A new power that no one
has ever seen before
is a really big deal!
Not just a big deal,
it's a huge deal!
I can't wait
for that to happen.
Then, let's go.
The future's out there
just waiting for us!
[AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH 'But first, I need to win
my seventh badge!'
[AGREEMENT]
So, Olympia, I'd like to have
a gym battle with you right now!
That's right. Who are you?
Ash Ketchum from Pallet Town.
I accept your challenge.
[grunts]
[wailing]
What's wrong?
The sundial is in grave danger.
The sundial?
[WORRIED]
Use Helping Hand!
[EXERTION]
[HELPING HAND MOVE]
[gasping]
That's it! Future Sight!
[FUTURE SIGHT MOVE]
What was that?
Future Sight is a move
that takes time
from when the Pokémon uses it
until the attack
takes effect.
What does she mean
"the sundial's in danger?"
I saw the vision, too.
Greedy evildoers
are going after the sundial.
Of course,
Olympia used Future Sight
because she saw it happening
in the future.
Come on, let's move!
Right!
Lady Olympia!
The evil ones
who are after the sundial
will also play a key role
in the ring of fate
that threatens Kalos.
[panting]
[EXERTION]
JESSIE
Yay!
‐ Begin Operation Sundial Swipe!
‐ It's just our type.
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Team Rocket?
‐ No way.
They want to steal that?
That means Olympia saw
Team Rocket in her vision.
[gasps]
JAMES 'Come on, come on,
come on, come on!'
Please! It's not moving.
Give it the gas!
[whirring]
Team Rocket, stop it now!
[ANGRY]
Oh, give it a rest!
Say, maybe we should tell you
dopes to go jump in a lake!
That's not a bad idea.
They just might.
[AGREEMENT]
Frogadier, use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
[screaming]
It's being damaged!
[gasping]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
[screaming]
Hey, is that what I think it is?
That's right.
That Future Sight
from before just hit.
We haven't stolen
anything yet!
This doesn't help
our reputation one whit!
First chance I get
I'm going to file a complaint!
As soon as I learn how to swim,
I'm coming back!
[AGREEMENT]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH
But we're blasting off for now!
Olympia's Future Sight
is truly terrifyingly accurate.
Never saw that before.
It's not something
a person could use
unless you're able to see
the future.
[PSYCHIC MOVE]
You're really going
to battle her, Ash?
She'll be an awesome opponent!
It won't be long
so I have my seventh gym badge.
[EXCITED]
Be cautious
when you challenge me.
You're bound to sense
new possibilities.
Unlimited possibilities
between people and Pokémon.
NARRATOR
And so, Ash's next battle
will be against
Gym Leader Olympia
who specializes
in Psychic‐type Pokémon
and can also see
into the future!
Though, Frogadier's future
is as yet unclear
Ash's Anistar City
gym battle challenge
is a certainty,
as the journey continues.
[theme music]